Revamp docs of gas and resource estimation (#1926)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/testing/testing.md

Tests: 1 passed, 0 failed, 0 skipped, 0 ignored, 0 filtered out
```

> For more information about how we calculate those, see [gas and resource estimation](gas-and-resource-estimation.md) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about how starknet-foundry calculates those, see [gas and resource estimation](gas-and-resource-estimation.md) section.
```
